ID: 237
Original CQ: Where can an item be sent for repairs?
Comment: 
Reformulation: What conservation treatments has an item undergone?

ID: 205
Original CQ: What kind of metadata was provided for a loaned item when first acquired?
Comment: What is meant by “kind of metadata”? 
Reformulation: What cataloguing information was provided for a loaned item upon its acquisition?

ID: 198
Original CQ: Does an item have a full history associated with it
Comment: To be clarified on the notion of history
Reformulation: What is the documented provenance of an item, including its ownership history and previous loans?

ID: 217
Original CQ: Is an item one of many items of the same types?
Comment: Confusing!
Reformulation: List all items in the collection that are of the same type as a given item.

ID: 180
Original CQ: Which colours are associate to the item?
Comment: 
Reformulation: What are the primary colours described for a specific item?

ID: 294
Original CQ: What items loaned by Sonia are currently visible to her via the dashboard, and what information can she access or update?
Comment: 
Reformulation: What is the current loan status for all items provided by a specific donor?

ID: 296
Original CQ: What changes or updates have been made to the metadata or status of a loaned item, and by whom?
Comment: 
Reformulation: What is the date of the last update to an item's metadata or loan status?

ID: 303
Original CQ: How does the addition of a new item from Sonia’s collection enrich the museum’s knowledge base (e.g., new artists, works, or historical periods represented)?
Comment: 
Reformulation: Which artists associated with a newly loaned item are being represented for the first time in the museum's collection?

ID: 304
Original CQ: What gaps or overlaps exist in the museum’s collection after integrating Sonia’s loaned items?
Comment: 
Reformulation: List all items in the collection associated with a specific artist.

ID: 306
Original CQ: What specific attributes are relevant for an Instrument (e.g., Brand, Model, Serial Number, Type: Acoustic-electric)?
Comment: as a note, the fact that this model is generating examples is very confusing as the examples are not really relevant
Reformulation: What are the brand, model, and serial number for a specific instrument?

ID: 307
Original CQ: What specific attributes are relevant for a Stage Costume (e.g., Designer, Description)?
Comment: 
Reformulation: Who is the designer of a specific stage costume?

ID: 308
Original CQ: What specific attributes are relevant for a Manuscript (e.g., Description, Medium: Handwritten)?
Comment: this is ambiguous, and so are all the similar ones
Reformulation: What is the physical description of a specific manuscript?

ID: 314
Original CQ: How can we retrieve all artifacts classified as a specific Type (e.g., Stage Costume)?
Comment: 
Reformulation: List all artifacts classified as 'Stage Costume'.

ID: 318
Original CQ: Has a specific artifact been loaned out previously? To which institutions and during which dates?
Comment: 
Reformulation: What is the previous loan history for a specific artifact?

ID: 323
Original CQ: How can we find all artifacts currently assessed as being in 'Fragile' or 'Delicate' condition?
Comment: I think this could be rephrased. The “currently” is not quite right
Reformulation: List all artifacts assessed as being in 'Fragile' condition.

ID: 337
Original CQ: Is a specific artifact currently on loan? To whom?
Comment: this is two questions
Reformulation: To which institution is a specific artifact currently on loan?

ID: 338
Original CQ: Which artifacts loaned by Sonia are currently held by the BME?
Comment: 
Reformulation: Which artifacts from a specific donor are currently on loan to the BME?

ID: 341
Original CQ: What are all the artifacts currently under loan agreements with the BME as the borrower?
Comment: overly complex phrasing
Reformulation: List all artifacts currently on loan to the BME.

ID: 342
Original CQ: How can the system represent the relationship between a donor (Sonia) and the artifacts they have loaned?
Comment: 
Reformulation: List all artifacts loaned by a specific donor.

ID: 343
Original CQ: How can the system represent the status of a loan (e.g., Proposed, Active, Expired, Donated)?a
Comment: ambiguous and meta
Reformulation: What is the current status of the loan agreement for a specific item?

ID: 344
Original CQ: What information about loaned artifacts should be visible to the donor (Sonia) via the dashboard? (e.g., Loan status, Location within museum, Current condition summary?)
Comment: How does the LLM know about the dashboard?
Reformulation: What is the current location and condition summary of a specific loaned item?

ID: 345
Original CQ: How does the system distinguish between artifacts owned outright by the museum and those on loan?
Comment: ambiguous
Reformulation: What is the acquisition status of an artifact (e.g., owned, on loan, donated)?

ID: 346
Original CQ: How can Liz retrieve all information (cataloguing, provenance, condition, display, loan) associated with a single artifact added via the loan process?
Comment: ambiguous, is it asking about the process?
Reformulation: Retrieve all cataloguing, provenance, condition, display, and loan information for a specific artifact.

