What is the version of the AnIML Core Schema used in a document?
What is the unique ID of a specific sample?
What is the barcode associated with a sample?
Is a specific sample derived from another sample?
What is the container type for a sample?
How many wells does a sample's container have?
What is the sample ID of the container in which a sample is located?
What are the coordinates of a sample within its container?
What is the original source data location for a sample?
What categories of information are defined for a sample?
What is the unique ID of an experiment step?
What is the name of an experiment step?
Which template was used for a specific experiment step?
What is the ID of a specific template?
What is the name of a template?
What technique was applied in an experiment step?
What is the URI of the technique definition used in an experiment step?
What is the SHA256 checksum of the technique definition file?
What technique extensions were applied in an experiment step?
What is the URI for a specific technique extension?
When was an experiment step performed?
Which samples were consumed in an experiment step?
Which samples were produced in an experiment step?
What role did a specific sample play in an experiment step?
Was a sample in an experiment step inherited from a parent step?
Which other experiment steps' data were used as input for the current step?
What role did the data from a previous experiment step play?
Was the data from a referenced experiment step consumed or produced?
What is the prefix for a bulk reference to consumed experiment steps?
What data points from a parent result were referenced by a child experiment step?
What is the start value of a parent data point reference?
What is the end value of a parent data point reference?
Which series does a parent data point reference point to?
What is the name of the method used in an experiment step?
Who was the author of the method?
What is the user type of an author (human, device, software)?
What is the affiliation of an author?
What is the role of an author within their organization?
What is the email address of an author?
What is the phone number of an author?
What is the physical location of an author?
What device was used to perform the experiment?
What is the unique identifier of the device?
Who is the manufacturer of the device?
What is the firmware version of the device?
What is the serial number of the device?
What software was used in the method?
Who is the manufacturer of the software?
What is the version of the software?
On which operating system was the software running?
What parameters are defined in the method section of an experiment step?
What are the results of an experiment step?
What is the name of a result?
Are there nested experiment steps within a result?
How many data points are in a given series set?
What is the name of a series set within a result?
What is the ID of a specific series?
What is the name of a series?
Is a series dependent or independent?
Is a series intended to be visible by default in a plot?
What is the recommended plot scale for a series?
What is the data type of the values in a series?
What are the individual string values in a series?
What are the individual 32-bit integer values in a series?
What is the start value for an auto-incremented series?
What is the increment value for an auto-incremented series?
What is the start index for a specific value set in a series?
What is the unit associated with a series?
What is the label of a unit?
What physical quantity does a unit represent?
How is a unit defined using SI base units?
What is the conversion factor for a unit to its SI base representation?
What is the value of a specific parameter within a result category?
What is the data type of a parameter?
What is the unit of a parameter?
What changes have been recorded in the audit trail?
Who made a specific change in the audit trail?
When was a specific change made?
What type of action was performed during an audit trail event (e.g., created, modified)?
What was the reason given for a change in the audit trail?
What was the old value of an item that was changed?
What is the new value of an item that was changed?
Which item in the document was affected by an audit trail change?
Who digitally signed a specific part of the document?
What is the name of a technique definition?
Is a given technique definition abstract, requiring an extension?
What documentation is provided for a specific sample role in a technique?
What sample roles are defined as blueprints for a technique?
According to the technique blueprint, is a sample in a specific role expected to be produced or consumed?
Is a sample with a specific role required or optional for a technique?
What is the maximum number of samples allowed for a given role in a technique definition?
What result blueprints are defined for a technique?
Is a specific result required by a technique's definition?
What is the maximum number of times a specific result can occur according to its blueprint?
What series are defined in a series set blueprint for a technique?
What is the required data type for a series in a technique definition?
What is the expected dependency (independent/dependent) for a series in a technique?
What parameters are defined in a category blueprint for a technique?
What are the allowed enumerated values for a string parameter in a technique definition?
What is the allowed numeric range for a parameter in a technique definition?
What units are allowed for a specific quantity in a technique definition?
What literature references are cited in a technique definition?
What is the URI for a cited literature reference in a technique definition?
